docs(authentication): added guards with multiple strategies (#1609)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/security/authentication.md

  }
}
```

> #### Extending guards with multiple strategies

Reviewer: Do we need this heading? I believe this could fall into the existing `Extending guards` section.

Author: I agree but there should be something to separate the example from the one above.

Author: i removed the heading

In addition to extending the default error handling and authentication logic, we can allow authentication to go through a chain of strategies.

> The first strategy a is successful, redirects or by a mistake will stop the chain. Authentication errors will proceed through each strategy in series, eventually failing if all strategies fail.

Reviewer 2: This sentence is quite hard to understand.. What do you mean?

Author: see example here  https://github.com/nestjs/docs.nestjs.com/issues/1187

  }
}
```
#### Extending guards with multiple strategies

In addition to extending the default error handling and authentication logic, we can allow authentication to go through a chain of strategies.
The first strategy a is successful, redirects or by a mistake will stop the chain. Authentication errors will proceed through each strategy in series, eventually failing if all strategies fail.

```typescript
import {
  ExecutionContext,
  Injectable,
  UnauthorizedException,
} from '@nestjs/common';
import { AuthGuard } from '@nestjs/passport';

@Injectable()
export class JwtAuthGuard extends AuthGuard(['strategy_jwt_1', 'strategy_jwt_2', '...']) {
  canActivate(context: ExecutionContext) {
    // Add your custom authentication logic here
    // for example, call super.logIn(request) to establish a session.
    return super.canActivate(context);
  }

  handleRequest(err, user, info) {
    // You can throw an exception based on either "info" or "err" arguments
    if (err || !user) {
      throw err || new UnauthorizedException();
    }
    return user;
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer: This whole example could be changed to a single line:

```typescript
export class JwtAuthGuard extends AuthGuard(['strategy_jwt_1', 'strategy_jwt_2', '...']) { ... }
```

Author: Done, updated example in a single line

}
```

> In addition to extending the default error handling and authentication logic, we can allow authentication to go through a chain of strategies.
> The first strategy a is successful, redirects or by a mistake will stop the chain. Authentication errors will proceed through each strategy in series, eventually failing if all strategies fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to extending the default error handling and authentication logic, we can allow authentication to go through a chain of strategies. The first strategy to succeed, redirect, or error will halt the chain.  Authentication failures will proceed through each strategy in series, ultimately failing if all strategies fail.
```

```typescript
export class JwtAuthGuard extends AuthGuard(['strategy_jwt_1', 'strategy_jwt_2', '...']) { ... }

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

> #### Enable authentication globally

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Enable authentication globally
```
